docs/user-guide/glossary.md, before:

## Stage

A stage is an intermediate phase in a tournament. Supported stage types are round-robin, single elimination and double elimination.

## Group

A group is a logical structure used to group multiple rounds together.

- In round-robin stages, a group is a pool.
- In elimination stages, a group is a bracket.
    - A single elimination stage can have one or two groups:
        - The unique bracket.
        - **If enabled,** the Consolation Final.
    - A double elimination stage can have two or three groups:
        - Upper and lower brackets.
        - **If enabled,** the Grand Final.

## Round

A round is a logical structure used to group multiple matches together.

- In round-robin stages, a round can be viewed as a day or just as a list of matches that can be played at the same time.
- In elimination stages, a round is a round of a bracket, e.g. 8th finals, semi-finals, etc.

## Major / minor round

In double elimination stages, the lower bracket (LB) alternates between major and minor rounds.

- A major round is a regular round. (e.g. LB1, LB3, LB5...)
- A minor round matches the previous (major) round's winners against upper bracket losers of the corresponding round. (e.g. LB2, LB4, LB6...)

## Match

A match between **two** participants (more participants are not allowed).

Start and end dates or other metadata aren't supported. I believe this is not the purpose of the library, so you'll need to add it on your own.

## Match game

A match game is a child match for a match. You can have multiple match games in a match.

For example, a Best-Of-3 (Bo3) match has 3 match games.

## Participant

A participant can be a team or an individual.

## Double elimination

A double elimination stage is a stage with two brackets: a winner bracket and a loser bracket (sometimes called upper bracket and lower bracket).

When players lose in the upper bracket, they have a second chance: they are sent into the lower bracket and can eventually match against the winner of the upper bracket in the Grand Final if they win all their matches in the lower bracket.

## BYE

A BYE is a way to fill blanks in a tournament. You can use them to fill a seeding in order to reach a power of two.
The brackets libraries do not support seedings which do not follow a power of two.

If a participant does not come at the last minute, you can either replace it with a BYE if the tournament isn't started yet, or forfeit it if the tournament is running.

???+ hint "Pro tip"
    You can also have a look at [Toornament's documentation](https://help.toornament.com/starter/core-concepts-glossary), which is very good.
    
    The data structure used in the brackets libraries (defined in [brackets-model](https://github.com/Drarig29/brackets-model/blob/master/src/storage.ts)) is heavily inspired by Toornament's API.

## TBD

TBD means "To Be Determined". It's not a BYE, it's just a placeholder for a participant that hasn't been determined yet.

It's used when you don't have the participant list yet, or when you want to keep the possibility to add participants later.

Technically speaking, here is how it's represented in a match:
```json hl_lines="5 6 7 8"
// The match is not completed yet.
{
    "id": 1,
    "opponent1": null, // BYE
    "opponent2": {
        "id": null, // TBD
        "position": 2
    }
}

// The match is already completed.
{
    "id": 1,
    "opponent1": null, // BYE
    "opponent2": null, // BYE
}
```

## Final Standings

The final standings of a stage is a list of participants sorted by their rank.

You can get it with [`manager.get.finalStandings()`](/brackets-docs/reference/manager/classes/Get.html#finalStandings).

For elimination stages:

- The order is **determined by the bracket structure**: participants that reached the final are at the top of the list.
- The return value is a list of [`FinalStandingsItem`](/brackets-docs/reference/manager/interfaces/FinalStandingsItem.html).

For round-robin stages:

- The order is **determined by a ranking formula**: participants with the highest total points are at the top of the list.
- The return value is a list of [`RankingItem`](/brackets-docs/reference/model/interfaces/RankingItem.html).
- The calculation is the **same as the one used in the viewer** to display ranking tables in each group.
- The ranking formula can be used for tie-breaking.
- Match game results (e.g. Bo3) are not taken into account: only parent matches are used as source of truth.

Commit message:

Add "How to handle two-stage tournaments?" to FAQ

docs/user-guide/glossary.md, after:

## Stage

A stage is an intermediate phase in a tournament. Supported stage types are round-robin, single elimination and double elimination.

## Group

A group is a logical structure used to group multiple rounds together.

- In round-robin stages, a group is a pool.
- In elimination stages, a group is a bracket.
    - A single elimination stage can have one or two groups:
        - The unique bracket.
        - **If enabled,** the Consolation Final.
    - A double elimination stage can have two or three groups:
        - Upper and lower brackets.
        - **If enabled,** the Grand Final.

## Round

A round is a logical structure used to group multiple matches together.

- In round-robin stages, a round can be viewed as a day or just as a list of matches that can be played at the same time.
- In elimination stages, a round is a round of a bracket, e.g. 8th finals, semi-finals, etc.

## Major / minor round

In double elimination stages, the lower bracket (LB) alternates between major and minor rounds.

- A major round is a regular round. (e.g. LB1, LB3, LB5...)
- A minor round matches the previous (major) round's winners against upper bracket losers of the corresponding round. (e.g. LB2, LB4, LB6...)

## Match

A match between **two** participants (more participants are not allowed).

Start and end dates or other metadata aren't supported. I believe this is not the purpose of the library, so you'll need to add it on your own.

## Match game

A match game is a child match for a match. You can have multiple match games in a match.

For example, a Best-Of-3 (Bo3) match has 3 match games.

## Participant

A participant can be a team or an individual.

## Double elimination

A double elimination stage is a stage with two brackets: a winner bracket and a loser bracket (sometimes called upper bracket and lower bracket).

When players lose in the upper bracket, they have a second chance: they are sent into the lower bracket and can eventually match against the winner of the upper bracket in the Grand Final if they win all their matches in the lower bracket.

## BYE

A BYE is a way to fill blanks in a tournament. You can use them to fill a seeding in order to reach a power of two.
The brackets libraries do not support seedings which do not follow a power of two.

If a participant does not come at the last minute, you can either replace it with a BYE if the tournament isn't started yet, or forfeit it if the tournament is running.

???+ hint "Pro tip"
    You can also have a look at [Toornament's documentation](https://help.toornament.com/starter/core-concepts-glossary), which is very good.
    
    The data structure used in the brackets libraries (defined in [brackets-model](https://github.com/Drarig29/brackets-model/blob/master/src/storage.ts)) is heavily inspired by Toornament's API.

## TBD

TBD means "To Be Determined". It's not a BYE, it's just a placeholder for a participant that hasn't been determined yet.

It's used when you don't have the participant list yet, or when you want to keep the possibility to add participants later.

Technically speaking, here is how it's represented in a match:
```json hl_lines="5 6 7 8"
// The match is not completed yet.
{
    "id": 1,
    "opponent1": null, // BYE
    "opponent2": {
        "id": null, // TBD
        "position": 2
    }
}

// The match is already completed.
{
    "id": 1,
    "opponent1": null, // BYE
    "opponent2": null, // BYE
}
```

## Final Standings

The final standings of a stage is a list of participants sorted by their rank.

You can get it with [`manager.get.finalStandings()`](/brackets-docs/reference/manager/classes/Get.html#finalStandings).

For elimination stages:

- The order is **determined by the bracket structure**: participants that reached the final are at the top of the list.
- The return value is a list of [`FinalStandingsItem`](/brackets-docs/reference/manager/interfaces/FinalStandingsItem.html).

For round-robin stages:

- The order is **determined by a ranking formula**: participants with the highest total points are at the top of the list.
- The return value is a list of [`RoundRobinFinalStandingsItem`](/brackets-docs/reference/manager/interfaces/RoundRobinFinalStandingsItem.html).
- The ranking formula can be used for tie-breaking.
- Match game results (e.g. Bo3) are not taken into account: only parent matches are used as source of truth.
- You can specify the maximum number of participants to qualify per group with the `maxQualifiedParticipantsPerGroup` option.
- See [How to handle two-stage tournaments? (e.g. round-robin followed by elimination)](/brackets-docs/faq/#how-to-handle-two-stage-tournaments-eg-round-robin-followed-by-elimination).
